From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, the Nerdist Theater, Melty, Melty Theater,
Harmontown, is now in session.
Let's just get this thing rolling.
The mayor of Harmontown is Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
I'm very, very, very sorry that Spencer is not with us tonight.
Is he okay?
Well, I mean, he'll be fine.
You know, he rarely, as you know, he doesn't call in sick.
He said he had a headache that was so bad.
Like, if he wanted to fake something, he could fake better than a headache.
But he said, yeah, it's a headache that's so bad that it's actually making him kind of nauseous and stuff.
So I said, hey man, just as long as you feed the cat.
He's still under your employee, but he has that.
He really did still have to. He didn't have to. He could have bowed out of that too.
All he had to do was hand off the cat instructions and medicine regimens and things to the cat sitter.
I'm writing in a hotel right now with Chris McKenna, like, trying desperately to finish a pilot before I leave for the holidays.
You guys don't care.
Why the hotel? Why not the two distracting at home?
Well, no. I mean, Chris is allergic to the dogs and stuff.
So then he starts sneezing and wheezing and there's just dander everywhere.
It doesn't matter if you lock the dogs out.
What hotel are you standing at?
The Redberry.
What room?
Before that, we were at a place in West Hollywood.
We keep getting hotel suites and trying to finish this thing.
I'm sure we've spent more on hotel suites than we would ever make on the TV show.
But anyways, continuing the apology department, I'm very sorry about last week's show.
I thought it was a good show.
I listened to it. I was a little embarrassed.
I was just one of those really, really drunk shows.
I thought Rob was very funny.
I was a little obnoxious.
I was a little combative, you pointed out.
I was a little angry.
I was picking fights and stuff.
I was definitely slurring my words and it was kind of like out of it.
So tonight you've made a vow to not drink during the show.
Well, if I started...
Jeff said to stand hoisted a red solo cup to his mouth.
I only get that kind of drink if I've been drinking since like 9am.
So you're just kicking off right now?
Yeah, exactly.
Put the pedal to the metal, baby.
Yeah, we could butt chug and I would be fine.
Kids don't butt chug.
Adults do butt chug.
It's Christmastime in Los Angeles, all of the...
Oh my God, please just go into like a burr alive song right now.
I heard myself sounding too...
They say prancer and dancer.
All the assistants are gone already.
That's how you can tell it's Christmastime in Los Angeles.
Some things are just desolate and...
I really like LA.
Who's staying in town for the holidays?
You guys are lucky.
Don't get tricked into thinking that you have to go places.
I've been going places every Christmas for the last four or five years probably.
It's been a million years since I...
Or four or five, which just caught me in my math.
If you just stay still in Los Angeles, it's one of the most beautiful holidays you'll ever have.
Go to the roost, have an eggnog, as we always say.
Everywhere you go, it's just like...
Because everybody else fucks off and then you just like...
It's LA the way it probably...
It's like a two week long Coachella where all the assholes are gone.
It's probably nice in New York too, where I'm going.
And where you'll be joining me.
I'll be there too?
Are you going to be there for Christmas or after Christmas?
Yeah, I'm coming just after.
The whole Shibootz.
The whole Shibootz?
I didn't know you spoke Yiddish.
Yep.
All the Mishigas.
Jeff, are you aware of Snapchat?
I would be lying if I said I knew anything about it.
Snapchat is a new thing for millennials that empowers them by virtue of temporary media
storage to show their impulsive side.
How often have you been at Disneyland and been drunk with your friends on turkey leg
and just wanted to express that and then thought...
You know that most of the turkey leg is Facebook?
It's emu.
A lot of that turkey leg is emu.
That was not where it's interrupting me.
Yeah, but Dan, you're in the pocket of big turkey.
Yes, it's emu.
The turkey leg's emu.
Sorry, go ahead.
We'll get back to the emus.
Say, if the kids are out there and you're feeling good and you're having a good time,
you're at one of your foam parties or your hologram jerk-offs.
Where the hologram jerks you off into a cup that's off the grid.
Before you take a bike ride with your dog and put your phone in a box.
You might think, oh, I just want to express this, but you put it on Facebook.
And how do you know if 20 years from now when you're running for senator,
you know, it's not going to be politically incorrect to say,
What's up, G-Hards?
I'm riding a bike with my dog.
Is the dog on his own bike or is he in a basket like 18?
Dog's in the basket with your phone.
Snapchat lets you say stuff like that and then it's like, oh, it'll be gone in a little bit.
How long does it exist?
Well, there's a lot of different functionality that they've been adding to Snapchat, Jeff.
There's your standard foundational dick pic technology, which is not dick pic proof.
We're not talking about dick pics. That's always been a zero sum game.
People can screen grab your dick pics.
Snapchat will notify you that your dick pic has been grabbed.
And it will say who grabbed your dick pic?
It'll say Jeff Davis grabbed your pic, yes, and you'll go like, hmm, interesting.
And then we're not friends anymore unless we have a conversation.
Oh, maybe I wanted you to grab my dick.
The night is very young.
These new courtship rituals are erupting out of this stuff.
So it's videos, pictures, both? Either one?
And then it lives, how long does it live?
10 seconds?
24 hours, depending on how you...
Well, like I said, there's two different functionalities.
I can just take a picture or a video, and I can send it to as many of my friends' followers as I want.
Those people can watch it once or now if they pay a nominal fee.
Wait, what?
Twice.
You can monetize your Snapchats?
Well, no. Snapchat can monetize Snapchat.
The other functionality is something I find very interesting called My Story.
That's what I've been snapping.
Because you sent me a text that was you opening your mouth in a video and a rainbow barfing out of your mouth.
That was just an example of Snapchat's amazing add-ons, like visual effects.
But does that go away off of my phone in 24 hours?
No, no, no, I saved that. I made that. You can save your own shit.
Ah, gotcha.
But my story thing is like a 24-hour buffer.
It's like a treadmill, and so anything that you made 24 hours ago, that goes off the end of the treadmill.
You never see that again.
So you just, like, anything you make in 24 hours, that's available to...
That's your story. People can click on that and go,
Oh, look what Marissa's been doing over the last...
Great, I'm glad you could make it.
Well, I'm sure I did the most horrifying entrance and exits at the same time.
I'm up here talking about fucking Snapchat, waiting for this prick.
Yeah, you're up here making podcast dynamite.
I hope that Rob just kept that movement and he's walking out to his car and never returns.
That he was in the audience and now he's calling an Uber?
That's his story.
That's Rob's Snapchat story.
He has become Snapchat.
He really is.
He's self-srobbing, self-snapchatting.
We call Schrab Snapchat now.
I don't know why I have this open.
The bad part is comedy works in threes, so we know that's coming back.
I've subscribed to Pornhub Premium.
I gotta say, Dan...
Can I just say this?
As much as we love Erin McGathy and Misser, single you is a lot more exciting.
Snapping your chats?
Oh, by the way, I hope you don't think that he's divorced since he's Snapchatting
because he's trying to creep on.
I don't know if Snapchat you can use.
Can you creep on Snapchat?
I don't know.
That's not what I'm doing at all.
It's narcissistic.
I have eight followers on Snapchat.
I've been Snapchatting. If you caught my story in the last 24 hours,
you would have seen the process of me trying to write a pilot with Chris McKenna
in a hotel room for 48 hours.
But now it's gone.
Because I blew it. I didn't write it.
What is the allure? Do you follow anybody on Snapchat?
Are you following Chris McKenna or anybody else?
I follow my dog, Bordr.
The guy I'm leaving my dogs with when I go to New York.
He has a Snapchat.
You want to know what he's up to?
Well, you click on him and he's like,
I'm in Laurel Canyon.
And the dogs are like,
Can I write down that guy's Snapchat address?
This sounds like good shit.
I don't know how that works.
Is that private?
I don't know.
What would be the allure of me as a friend of yours following you on Snapchat?
What's for sale there?
The inside look into the comings and goings of my comings and goings?
Like, I don't know.
Which brings us back to porn.
It's like a video Twitter feed.
And I haven't been on Twitter in weeks.
The only bad thing about not being on Twitter has been that
it's the only place you would go to say something like,
my life is going so well not being on Twitter.
It really is something you want to just express to the world,
which Twitter is really good for.
Not being on Twitter is awesome.
What am I doing?
It's the disposable nature of Snapchat.
The fact that things don't exist for good unless somebody screen grabs your dick.
I assume that's the allure for millennials.
I'm a Gen Xer.
Died in the wool.
I love archiving.
I'd like to think that all my stuff lasts forever.
But you know what?
You gotta recognize.
Jeff, CDs, VHS.
And also, here's another thing that's fleeting,
because I have some sad news for everybody.
Well, it's sad news for me.
It'll be fodder for you.
I, as you know, have had a 15-year...
Je ne sais quoi.
You know, a relationship,
my longest sexual relationship with a bent plastic mannequin leg,
size six-foot, made for hosiery displays,
in some golden age where hosiery displays needed to be anatomically perfect.
Bent to what degree?
What posture is that leg?
Bent at the knee, like...
How many degrees?
Like, paleo.
It was like bouncing a...
I mean, what do you...
Really?
Okay.
I got you.
Weirdest question to have, I think.
I feel that's the weirdest question you could have.
Is it slightly bent, or is it bent like 45 degrees?
It's bent, like 90 degrees.
Okay.
Basically, 90 degrees.
Okay, got you.
So, you guys know the drill.
You put the hosiery on the leg.
You take your shirt off,
exposing your gigantic, ursine, oily, zip-covered,
hut-like frame.
You warble into bed, like a pasty cloud.
We have our episode title.
Like a beached albino porpoise.
And then you either watch some porn.
Maybe you even don't.
Maybe you're kind of feeling like a little crazy,
and you just want to focus on the leg.
Sometimes you combine the leg with the porn?
Yeah.
Okay.
But it doesn't really work if you're watching,
like, people go fully at it, and then you're like,
and then there's this leg.
I usually, what I'll do is, if I'm watching something
with the leg, I will watch a YouTube channel
called Legs Lavish.
It's your one-stop shop for honest reviews of hosiery
for women by women.
It's by women.
The comment section is like fake women's names
and just honest guys' names.
Talking about...
Those are great.
Try it some more.
Review some more hosiery for me.
Legs Lavish.
Check it out on YouTube.
Alright, so sometimes you're watching the movie,
sometimes it's just you and the leg.
I recommend Alicia.
She's got a professional edge,
and she has some winter outfits that are like...
She puts on a little yarn cap and gloves
and a cashmere scarf and a sweater,
a short skirt, but not slutty short.
Like a little bit above the knee,
and then these little boots,
and then these, of course, the tights that she's reviewing,
these winter tights.
And then I might...
Maybe I'll rub a mannequin leg on my nipple while I watch that.
And I'll go, that's a good review, Alicia.
Do you prefer...
Do you prefer or favor one nipple over the other?
That's usually going to end up being my left nipple.
Who knows why?
Maybe because I'm right-brained.
No, it's because you're jerking off with your right hand
because you're right-handed.
Oh, yeah!
All right, I can't remember.
Okay, so here's the bad news.
The bad news!
Yeah.
Fucking...
Buckle your holy shitbelts, everybody.
This is the part where you're going to feel sorry for him.
Up until now, you've been Abraham Lincoln.
My life's going to take a dark turn in a minute.
I haven't used, you know, old faithful since I got it out after the divorce.
And during the marriage, I adopted two dogs.
And so I...
Hello, Spaghetti-o!
So Nigel, who loves eating underwear and shoes and pens and cat food cans
and ninja stars and rocks and cat shit
and fucking leaf blower wires and couches and his own shit
but not enough paper towels on the roll
and the fucking window cells and blankets and the stairs.
He eats everything.
Why would I think it was okay to rub a mannequin leg on my nipple and then go to work?
Just leave it there, laying on the bed.
Nigel took old faithful down?
He chewed...
He chewed exactly precisely.
He chewed the big toe.
That's your nipple toe!
Turning it into a gnarled...
Like, the look of it...
Not the texture, because this would be soft
but the look of it is like a corn cob with no corn on it.
Like, because it's just all...
Yeah.
But it's all hard-chewed plastic.
Have you tried that out?
No, I can't even...
It's gross to even look at.
Everything that's sexy about this whole thing is just smoothness and softness
and, of course, autonomy and creepiness.
But now it's a gnarled, like, an enemy.
Was there ever a time that Nigel walked in on you while you were doing that?
Was there some sort of jealousy?
It was like, pay more attention than me.
I'm going to eat this toe off of this fucking guy.
Like, I told you, he eats everything.
Okay.
He cast a white net.
That's so sad.
No, I don't think I can replace it.
That thing, like I told you, I had to humiliate myself at a weird West Covino warehouse
or something.
All right.
Let's move on.
One more question.
How often do you, like, go in and restock the hosiery?
Like, you go into...
Never.
Like, I'm saying, like, before this happened, like, is this a monthly, weekly, yearly...
Well, it depends.
I mean, what do you mean?
Because the question should be how much do I buy when I buy it.
Right, yeah.
Like, there was a time before Amazon Prime...
Andy?
Lethal weapon?
Lethal weapon.
The, you know, you would have to...
If it's just a pervert going into Albertsons, you're...
You got to walk out with, like, a little package of something and, like, it looks like maybe
you could be buying it for a wife that's waiting at home and then you also have to do the fake
toothpaste and the fake, like, paper towel roll or something, like, oh, boy, I need so
many random things.
But you can't get 30 of those stockings.
I'm a better man than I could, maybe, and look at the cashier and say, I like to jerk
off on a mannequin, like, I'll see you next summer.
Because I'm buying in bulk.
Did we talk about...
But with Amazon, I just...
Cha-ching.
But no more.
No more.
Because the things...
You're not going to try to replace it?
Look, man, just...
What did I...
We're talking in circles.
No, no, I'm saying...
There's no replacing it.
It's one of a kind.
Did you ever see Cherry 2000, the movie with Melanie Griffith and...
I lost my Cherry 2000.
I would have to go fight Tim Thomerson in the wasteland to get...
Just watch it and get some culture.
If Harmontown can leave you with one message, just get some culture.
These poor kids, they have nothing.
What do you got?
Thumb drives full of Wi-Fi's.
Isn't it possible to...
And again, I'm not trying to...
Tim Thomerson, look him up.
You're saying now it's hard to go out and replace that because it's hard for you to
go into a store in West Covina and buy that mannequin leg.
Or are you saying that was just so singular and special that it's irreplaceable?
No, I would...
No, I'm podcasting about it.
I would walk in with a marching band if I could find another model.
I would go, sir, I'm here for one thing alone, for one reason.
But I just think I'm busy now and trying to develop TV shows and stuff.
So who's got the time?
Interesting.
All right.
The end of an era.
How many years was Old Faithful with you?
Fifteen years.
It's got to be like fifteen, I think.
Fourteen, something.
Longest relationship I've ever had with anything.
Was Old Faithful in the menagerie at your old Hollywood place?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
It was the only one that survived because everything else didn't do anything.
Full mannequins.
Sorry, ladies.
There's nothing to you.
If you could restore and have Old Faithful back without the gnarled corn cob toe,
or five real dolls, kind of like an endless supply of real dolls,
would you rather have the fleeting experience of the latex real doll
or have Old Faithful back in its pristine form?
I mean, come on, you're talking about like a $30,000 real doll value that could probably be,
I don't know, that's crazy.
That's a crazy question.
I'm sure I could, I would really have to think about it because...
It's a good question then.
Especially if I could get the fully extended one back,
because remember I had the fully extended one and then the bent one.
What happened to the fully extended one?
Over the years it just, you make sacrifices because girlfriends go,
what are these?
And you go, I rub them on my nipple.
I used to.
Are you going to again?
Do you want me to rub them on your nipple?
No.
Do you want to keep them?
Well, that would be to imply the possibility of life after you.
But maybe the smaller one that's...
You make up very much storage space and...
Hide that in your golf bag.
Let's bring out Rob Schrab.
Oh, yeah.
Coming over, baby, in and by you.
Turned out she's somebody else's touch.
Could be trouble, but could be fun.
Could be fun, baby.
Even if you're hot.
Oh, Rob has a mysterious bag.
Snapchat.
Hey, Rob, how you doing, man?
I'm doing okay.
How are you?
I'm very well, thank you.
Brought to you by Lassens.
You have a bag from Lassens?
The Mormon health food store in Los Feliz?
Yes.
They keep very weird hours and there's 17 aisles that have chips in it.
There's no...
Oh, sorry.
I did not try to tee you up for that.
But that's not what's in the bag.
Am I right?
I ran out of chips, so I'm here.
What's in the bag?
Is this a reveal that we have to say for later?
I was cleaning up and I found all of the models from the G.I. Joe episode commercial.
I was going to give it to Steve Levy or Spencer and neither one of them are here.
So I can't trust it with you because it'll be in an Uber somewhere.
So I'm going to have to take this home.
So I took an Uber somewhere the other day.
Okay.
Yesterday.
Yes.
I took it to the Redberry Hotel.
Redberry.
Ah, the Redberry.
Where the celebrities sleep.
The Redberry.
You're already home.
And as we pulled up to the location, welcome to the Redberry.
The guy...
Should we reenact your arrival at the Redberry?
I'd prefer to tell my story first.
And then we'll reenact it.
Yeah, yeah.
And then we'll get different periods in history and we'll do your Redberry story as that was
set during a while.
All I ask is to be able to just tell my story.
The driver, as we pulled up to the Redberry, he started saying over and over again, pull
up the Uber map.
Pull up the Uber map and give to me.
I put in code.
He's just repeating these phrases.
He wanted me to give him my phone so he could put in a promotional code so as he put it,
he could give me a 20% discount.
And I kept saying, I don't want.
I don't like this.
Tell me the code.
20% discount.
And I said, but I don't...
You can tell me the code.
Give me the idol.
They can't just give me phone.
I put in code.
Give me the idol.
I was like, I don't want to give you my phone.
I don't know you.
It's my phone.
And he's like, 20%.
I said, I would like to pay you 40% extra to stop asking me for my personal property after
giving me a ride to a hotel.
It's close to a mugging.
If I felt like I needed to give it to you, then you'd be mugging me.
His concern was that if he tells you the code, you're going to tell everybody at Harmontown
what the code is?
Well, I've heard stories and maybe somebody can...
Rumors.
I thought I heard a story from somebody that I couldn't recall.
But I had this post-it note in my head about this whole give me your phone.
I'm going to put in a code thing.
I thought I remembered the story being they upgrade your ride to lux or looper-duper or
something.
They do some weird shit.
There can't be a system in place where they need to touch your phone.
Shit.
If it's one thing, it's another.
I tell you, man.
Yeah, man.
Shit, man.
Those Uber drivers are really getting me down, too.
It's oppressive.
So oppressive.
Ah, man.
Trump.
This shit.
Still going on.
Uber drivers.
Promotional cozy.
24, man.
Door-dash.
Tinder.
Snapchat.
Door-dash.
Door-dash, jeans, all that stuff.
Man.
You don't use Snapchat, do you?
I don't even know what that is.
I consider myself a snappist.
You brought me out.
Why again?
Because you brought, let's bring out Rob.
Hey, how are you doing?
Let me tell you something about my day yesterday.
Well, what is the proper way to use you in a show?
You asked me to come.
What?
Yeah, you're very...
That's not my issue.
The kids like you.
Then use me.
Use me properly.
That's not my problem.
Using you properly is bringing you out and letting you disrespect me and the show.
You're talking like if you went to a rodeo and it's like, get that clown out of there.
He's just rolling the ball up.
He's just making it...
I thought the goal was to...
I came here to see a ball asleep.
I came here to see the pacification of a ball.
The ideal rodeo, I would show up and the ball would be laying there.
Vanquished.
Who's this guy with the hair running around in barrels?
Yeah, I just thought you're a caustic, destructive, parasitic, symbiotic influence on the show
that the kids enjoy because they like to see me angry.
So, talk about your day.
I got all this GI Jeff stuff here and that's what I got.
Oh boy, that GI Jeff stuff.
What's going on with that?
This doesn't work when I do it.
Was that you doing him or?
Yeah, I was trying to...
Okay.
That was me doing me doing him.
All right, well, we know...
What was the hotel?
The Redbury.
Welcome to the Redbury.
Oh, you want to do the scene?
Let me get that door for you, Mr. Harmon.
Let me get that door for you.
Let me open up that door.
Got any baggage today?
All right, well, let me help you out here.
Watch your step.
There's a puddle.
All right.
The Uber driver says the Uber driver...
Uber driver wants your phone.
If I could have your phone so the Uber driver could get your...
Please, we want to get this vehicle out of the way.
If you could just give me your phone so the Uber driver can punch...
It's a promotional code if you could give me your phone so the Uber driver...
Jerome, Jerome, leave Mr. Harmon at peace, please.
A valued guest here at the Redbury, Jerome.
I am sorry.
Jerome, can I talk to you at my office for just one minute?
Okay.
Mr. Harmon, I'm sorry.
Mr. Harmon, please.
I'm going to have to let you go for a second.
I've got to go talk to my boss.
Stay.
Okay.
Please.
Avail yourself of the free coconut...
Excuse me.
...cucumber water that we have, Mr. Harmon.
Yes.
Yeah, let me...
Camelia will check you in.
Yeah, bathe yourself in the coconut water.
Camelia will see to you.
Would you roam in my office at once?
Uber driver, please, Uber, please, get...
Mr. Uber driver, get into my office as well.
Yes.
Jerome, Uber driver, come into my office.
Alright, Jerome, Uber driver?
Yes.
Did you get the phone?
He wouldn't give me the phone.
Get the phone!
He won't open map!
Uber driver, what country are you fucking from?
Open map, I show you!
I know, sir, I know!
Alright.
Here's my phone.
Okay.
Okay, here's my phone.
Boop-boop-boop-boop-boop-boop-boop-boop.
Launch codes initiated.
Oh, shit!
Ah-ha.
Now send five stars to my offshore account.
What?
Oh, what?
And now call off the airstrike.
Tell me what country you're from who do you work for beeswax none of you
Republic
I hold the cards here
Did you say you're collecting stars and putting them in your offshore to a shore account like
Like it's Switzerland. You've got like all these like five-star reports like in another count these stars are symbolic
They don't there's no currency
We can't get at it we can't get at that rating more stars more business more business more life
Was that are you kissing me
Oh
Leave the office for a moment. All right. I'm good
Turn the lights down on the way out. Okay here. I'm gonna go to the arcade over driver
What what what what what what what what what what?
With just
go the distance
shut up
you're a bad boy
I
live in
the tunnel
inside Pac-Man
and
don't go into the tunnel, boys
first level
I told you never to go into the tunnel
the tunnel's a metaphor for your subconscious mind
are you gonna keep playing that game?
don't you see all the fucking quarters that are lined up here?
buddy, those are bottle caps
bottle caps
and you're standing in front of a refrigerator
and it's the year 2037
and I'm
a medusa lady
I
do a stretch
Mr. Harmon
sorry for the delay
Camille has you all checked into your room?
yes
I love the cucumber water
wouldn't mind getting the recipe
if you would
hand me your phone
I'd be very happy to give you the recipe
well, everything's worth a risk
Jerome
yes
I'm sorry Mr. Harmon
I have to take Jerome into my office
one more time
one second
yes
I have what you wanted
I have Dan Harmon's phone
I'm going to give you Dan Harmon's phone Jerome
under one condition
that you use it for good and not for evil
I give you the phone
and I
I evaporate into a mist
I was never here
welcome to porn hub prime
MC
it's premium
thanks
alright
the mighty Harmon art players
you never know when they're going to burst into their stage craft
let's take things up a notch
our next guest is a
technical writer
for video game user guides
he's
he's worked at
you can stay Rob
stay here
moving over a chair
that's good
do that
but
you can come out
please welcome Fred
Oliva
alright
hello Fred
alright so I think a lot of us
when we buy video games
the first thing we do is we read
the user manual
no
no exactly
I wasted my entire life
no but you've been doing this since 2005
your first game
that you wrote a technical manual for
was Narnia
yes the chronicles of Narnia
and it was for Disney
the same company for which you work today
that's true
your second game was chicken little
another adaptation
Zach Brab's big hit
but most recently
and you've brought this work with you
you've written a user guide
for Disney's Infinity
and I thought maybe you could
read a couple excerpts
there was
a troubleshooting section
that I thought really captured
wait so when you buy a video game
this will be in the box
that you get and you look through this
okay gotcha and you are the person
that creates, writes all the texts
this is my life's work
this is your work
so everybody just quiet down
can we dim the lights?
yeah
perfect thank you very much
setting up the Disney
Infinity base
once removed
from the packaging
the Disney Infinity base
I wish you'd take this seriously
this is your life's work Fred
pictured below
needs to be placed on a stable
secure and even surface
a table
could have just said table
near the console
do not place a Disney Infinity base
on the console
or
on metal surfaces
or have metallic
objects nearby
what about a giant magnet
can I put it in a microwave
nah that wouldn't work either
there's a few pages of that but then it goes on
and it's in all the different languages from around the world
but you don't have to do that
you just hand that off and then someone else translates
I'm actually fluent in Portuguese
do you want to do the Portuguese version?
I think I over-set my batteries on that
how about this Rob
you have just purchased
Disney's Infinity and you have some
trouble that you need to have shot
but you've made a huge
error and you've called up a guy who
only troubleshoots in Portuguese
and you are being portrayed
by Billy Zane
sorry Fred I didn't know
that you would be required to do improv
I'm happy to be next to Billy Zane
okay
I don't have my hair shaved close enough
to do this
I would love to hear the
troubleshooting that you just read
in the Portuguese language
I was actually snapchatting my big toe
to Uber
sorry about that
so yes
sorry I was lost
I just found where I am
okay
that's in French
that was in Portuguese
I am a little bit
that wasn't the troubleshooting guide
alright well let's talk about your craft
so obviously
you get a video game
and then you play it
now when you get it I'm assuming
the people that made the game
they must have scribbles of how the game works
right the dev team and actually QA
and all the people that worked on the game
quality assurance
nice
so basically what you want to do
is you're kind of like the conduit
between the dev team
and QA
make sure you eat that mic
you're kind of like the conduit between
you know
between the dev team
and QA
and the user
so is there somebody at QA
saying how do you play the game
ask them
they're kind of relying on you
so then you talk to the dev team and the dev team goes like
X is crouch and Y is jump
and then you go X is crouch
and Y is jump and you type that up
and then the QA person goes like
that's not clear enough what does that mean
is that the process
because what happens is
what happens is especially if you have
depending on the demographic that you're dealing with
it's like
maybe they might not be
very well versed in games
so what you have to do is kind of like show them
you know this is
how do you get out of
out of Hannah Montana's tour bus
shout out to Hannah Montana
the movie video game
I heard it out there
you're saying that particular consumer
we should probably cast a wider net
in terms of explanation
right right right exactly
you write that to make
that crowd
Rob what are you doing
he's going to lessons
stay here
I think my phone might be charged
what's that
you're on a show
are you going to make phone calls
I don't want to forget it
it's in the charger right now
and I wanted to
sit sit
do you want me to get you your phone
I'm close
here's your phone
it's got a Legos on it
adorable
let's try to escape
the episode
alright anyways
I was just going to sneak off
do a quick sneak off
just
I don't want to forget it
he was trying to leave
no I wasn't trying to leave
my phone was there
I wasn't making up that
I can hear you
I wasn't making up an excuse
I just felt like
I was trying not to still focus
by standing up
and creeping off the stage
what is the
what's the hardest video game
you've ever had to write a manual for
that definitely has to be
Lizzie McGuire on the go
that was the hardest one you ever had to do
what was the biggest challenge
of Lizzie McGuire
for the user
how many lockers you can open in that school
and show people how to do that
that was
what's the answer
the answer is
I don't know what the answer is
the answer was six but anyways
that's a lot of lockers
what's the gameplay of Lizzie McGuire
I don't even know what that means
it's a girl runs around and she just goes through people's shit
that's
I shit you not
that's exactly what it is
I remember a poster for a movie
about her
and she was kind of leaping in the air
and
she had a pair of keds on
I think maybe she was going to Europe
she seemed very happy about it
her arms were outstretched
how was it revealed that she was going to Europe
in the poster
Big Ben was in the background
and the title was Lizzie McGuire
sounds like she's running away from Europe
if it's in the background
I mean if her arms are outstretched
and Big Ben's behind her
she's trying to escape
get me out of Europe
or at least out of England
anyways
seemed like a good role model for kids
I took an interest
while I was driving by
she looks like a good kid
Kim Possible also
wow Kim Possible
seems like a good kid
wow I worked on Kim Possible too
remember that
e-surance commercial girl
with the pink hair
remember them
you know why they stopped
on the Facebook this weekend
in between
renders
they stopped doing those
commercials because people kept doing
fake porn of her
because she was just too sexy
right
so the person
who makes money if people are
interested in that image said
oh that's enough
who stepped in
that doesn't
make any sense
did someone write to e-surance
and say yeah
I just googled
e-surance girl rule 34
porn
and I found too many hits
so I'm not going to use your insurance
unless you use a different spokesmodel
that's exactly what happened
okay
seems to me
that they
would be excited
some people were
do you ever
have you ever
Fred have you ever
successfully
reached completion
watching rule 34 porn
what's rule 34
that's like animated
it's usually animated porn
rule 34 is
the mythical internet
rule that if it's
what is it if you can conceive of it
or what's the
if it exists there's porn of it
so Ronald McDonald there's porn of it
why 34
because it sounds like a random number
okay
I'm going to say yes
I got confused about rule 34
what was your question to him Dan
did he ever finish
while watching any of it
in a world where there's nothing but porn available
it's like I did
I did it once too
Velma and Shaggy
saying
there was porn of Velma and Shaggy
no there's porn of Fred and Daphne
give me a break
because everybody wanted to be with ginger
on Gilligan's Island right not Marianne
of course there's porn of Velma
Shaggy
did you stumble across this or were you
no I fucking typed it in
you better believe it
and I was proud of myself because I found
how good was the quality
did it look like Scooby Doo
it wasn't so good
that it wasn't interesting to me
that I
met it halfway you know what I mean
it was bad enough that I was like
something's going on here with me
right now
like it wasn't high quality and I was like
still I was like I want this
was it just like Gonzo
Shaggy and
there's a lot of like cartoon porn where it's like
some enterprising youth
will just use his like
Toon Boom skills
or his whatever too
he'll just take existing cartoons
and then he'll kind of like
mask out heads
and then put a dick in the mouth instead
was there storytelling to it
a little tiny bit
like it'll usually be
the beginning of a cartoon where it's like
Shaggy
you said we were going to
watch a movie
well Zoinks I thought
we'd solve a mystery instead
and then all of a sudden it's just like
boar boar boar boar boar boar
boar boar boar
Jinkies
boar boar
Zoinks
it's like the same zoinks in the same
Jinkies but
it got me where I was going
where were you going
after a lifetime of like
I didn't know I didn't know I wanted it
Okay, I'm a sucker for a Velma for sure. Yeah
I met a girl in the somewhere like one of those were you going Rob Rob sit down
Yeah, I met a girl that looks so much like Velma once that it was it was pretty hot
She was she really was a Velma and her friend looked just like Daphne and they weren't doing that on purpose. I
Think it's the turtleneck most of all
What what makes it sexy that shaggy was the one oh nothing. I just because you don't relate to Fred, right?
Yeah, he's dirty like she's supposed to she's yeah, yeah, he's yeah, he likes sandwiches. I was always worried about I
I
Love the big sandwich. I was always bummed out like sandwiches in the wind in the news today
They make these stoner like four foot tall sandwiches and they put the toothpick with the olive on top
And they would eat the whole thing. I was always so bummed out about the toothpick being in there
So you're gonna kill yourself you fucking eat a toothpick
So you just you can't feed a chicken bone to a dog
So you're gonna give Scooby a fucking toothpick. Yeah, you can't do that. You can't you shouldn't do it?
It was distracting to me at my night. I'm a I love a sandwich
Fred I wouldn't jerk off to I don't you think do you think there's slash porn rule 34 a Scooby fucking Velma?
Yes, there's gotta be no definitely drawings of it. There is for sure. Yeah, right
But the yeah the card to the actual animation. It's you know the more work required
I think that's the point of porn is like like so there's a there's a laziness to everything like like that's that's
That's why you know the old cinematic porn is a lost art. It's found porn. Yeah
Yeah, it's really going down here
Man
Man this this this new porn is really getting me down
Now it's cinematic as it used to be
Shit
So Fred what were you doing when we ran we ran into each other?
The redberry. Oh, wow. I just came out of the redberry
I love this because I'm peppermint before you go into the redberry
Yeah, they're delicious Jerome Jerome coming to my office right now
Pardon me. You could take these mints have to go in talk to my manager. Yes
Jerome you're doing a bang-up job here at the redberry
I like your style. Thank you. Thank you very much. I got a call from the front office. They're looking for a guy like you
Yeah, yeah, we're kicking you upstairs. Oh shit. Yeah, I
Get your own bags
I'm going upstairs. Oh, oh, he's going upstairs look at him
Oh, I must be in the front row here
I'm welcome to the upstairs
Yes, I'll have the the upstairs is the code word for the freezer
containing human nutrition and I don't mean
Nutrition for humans. I mean
Nutrition
Composed of
F217 get in my office for a second
Jerome say where you are
See your room just sit still very chilly F217 get my
Coming to my
Coming to my upstairs office F217. Oh, is everything okay? Is everything okay at home? Oh, you just seem really on
You seem really on edge lately. I see my home is satisfactory. I
Have a wife and child
However, when I say wife, I mean
Synthetic wife a corpse animated of dead human flesh
Laced with my optic cables
Can I I instead of nerve endings F217? I you have to go talk to Susan in HR
Because this kind of behavior is really not what we're doing here at the RedBerry
Talk to F217 I'm gonna go back downstairs and see if see if mr. Oliva is doing okay down
That's you, right? You're Susan now. I think I think the scene should follow you go talk to Fred
Mr. Oliva I'm very sorry we have having a little we're going through some transitional stuff here at the RedBerry
That was a very pleasurable detour by the way
Mr. Red mr. Oliva
I hope it's not too forward your room. You checked in a little bit early
We're checking generally is three o'clock here. It's 1 30 p.m. Maybe we can interest you in a drink in our lounge
Yeah, this is not a this is not really an offer so much as a demand mr. Oliva
Yeah, yeah, yeah lemon drop will be great, okay
Lemon drop, all right, I'll be right back
You must remember
Sam okay, Sam you told me you're not gonna play that song
God damn it Fred Oliva just walked in people of all the hotels and all of the West Hollywood's
Fred Oliva we had to walk into mine
He left me stranded on a plane transform platform in Paris. Here's your lemon drop, sir. Oh
Carol come into my office
One second Carol Jesus Christ Carol are you using again?
Oh, what the fuck are you I just needed a bunch to get through this afternoon. Oh, I
Serious problem, but I'm trying Carol. I hear I'll give you one more package, but this is your last one. Oh, thank you
God if I if I if I weren't the old college buddies with your father, you would never even have this job, Carol. Okay, God bless you
Is there anything else you want the pretzel there's some shit
It's like Paul in but okay. All right. I said I put it on your room or something
Didn't catch that what's the room number
Don't put it on your room put it on mine. Oh shit the mayor
Everybody run
Fucking mayor
That's the last I expect to see of you Carol. You know what I mean. I'm hiding in the snake basket
Laundry in here I just not what this is for clearly said snake basket
Can you hand me the lid?
Thank you. Thank you. Okay. I hope I come over to that basket. I don't find you've been doing that shit anymore. Yeah, that's what I thought
Oh, oh, oh, Mr. Mayor. Mr. Mayor. We expected you on Thursday. I didn't know you didn't expect yourself. I follow the advice of Mr. Charles Schultz
Draw peanuts
Be surprised. Oh
Very good, mr. Mayor. I'll leave you and mr. Leave it alone
Arrive early to check up on the subordinate. I think the meeting was the meeting wasn't it was implicit
I'll uh your your your peanuts will be right out. Mm-hmm. Okay
New Steam
Mr. Reliever
May I speak to you in the corner booth?
But by all means miles taken off my shirt you'll have to confuse the Red very as of late
it's gone downhill. I still believe in it, for privacy's sake. Have a seat. Mr. Aleeva
will be to the point where both busy men and the-
We are.
Get those dollars out, gentlemen. Never thought I'd say it.
Peril to the stage. She's got to get off that shit.
I'm going to put a lit candle up my ass. It's Mondays at the Redberry.
Every Mondays. For the next 45 minutes, Lemon Drops are half off.
Mr. Aleeva, you are one of the best technical manual writers in video game history.
Thank you, thank you. High praise, high praise indeed.
I run a city. I don't know video games. I don't know technical writing.
I know craftsmanship and I know fascism. The latter is, I've got it handled.
The former sir, I have not seen the like of since looking into your eyes at the G4 summit.
When you press that business card into my hand, now I've been crunching the numbers
and I've been seeing the lights and I've got a proposition for you.
What if the whole city were a video game?
Like SimCity. If it's been done, then fuck it.
Pardon, Mr. Aleeva, Mr. Mayor. I asked for privacy over here.
Please don't leave. I have no way home.
Carol and I would like to take Mr. Mayor and Mr. Aleeva up.
We'd like to take you upstairs for a moment. We have something rather important to discuss.
No problem, no problem.
Mr. Aleeva, Mr. Aleeva, what if what I proposed you is actually happening right now?
What if this is all a simulation? Go.
F217, F217, your directors were not to kill the mayor.
My orders were to accommodate him. He needed accoutrements.
My accoutrements include a bullet fired out of a gun.
I reveal twists with every active.
F217, F217, I'm going to give you the week off.
I want you to go home and you're suspended from the RedBerry for a while.
Carol, Carol, go get some rags. We have to clean up the mayor's corpse.
I need a ride home. He goes right by where I live.
If you're sending him home, I mean, I could really use...
Okay, Carol, yeah, you take Mr. Aleeva home?
No, the robot, he's driving by my...
F217?
The only robot I'm pointing at.
F217, get Carol the fuck out of here.
Okay, I called you both an Uber.
I live in a very peaceful neighborhood.
It is peaceful because there is zero crime.
It has zero crime because we have redefined crime.
Once per year, we eliminate rape and murder from our systems
by engaging in it wholesale.
We enjoy it so much, we are peaceful.
I am F127.
Yeah, the crazy thing about that improv is that shit could happen.
Yeah, it might still be happening.
Fred, it's still happening. This is all a simulation.
I'll write about it.
But you'll be being written about while you do it.
What you'll be writing is press X to control Fred.
And then you'll look over your shoulder and there will be a giant Fred going...
Or a Carol.
This is all in your manual, Fred.
Well, man, is there anything you'd like to plug?
Do you have a big trade paper back of video game instructions?
I'd like to plug my band Super Bean.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you're in a band.
Super Bean, yeah, I play a band.
Super Bean?
Super Bean.
Bean.
There's human beans and there's Super Bean.
Oh, there's a bean, like a bean.
Yeah, that's correct.
Write it down.
There's a bean, there's a human bean.
Where are you guys playing next?
We're playing Cafe Neela.
Hopefully, Marks.
Hopefully.
Okay, Mark.
What are you opening with?
What do...
Oh, you mean...
Are you...
Opening song?
It's a Super Bean theme.
Oh.
Let's hear it for Super Bean.
Da-da-da-da-da-da.
What's your...
What are you closing with?
What is your closing song?
Do you guys do any covers?
The Super Bean reprise.
For real?
You guys don't know any Fog Hat?
Wow.
I love Fog Hat.
All right, well, let's all graciously thank Fred for opening his life to us.
Thank you.
That's what it's like to be a technical writer.
Hopefully, there's a seat among your friends out there.
I hope you don't have to go back and sit in the belfry.
All right.
Let's go.
I hope you don't have to go back and sit in the belfry.
Fred, that music means leave.
I was just wondering.
I suppose there's probably another seat for him among his friends.
The word leave is in his name.
He had a bunch of friends who came, I was wondering if there was a seat among them for him, but there probably isn't.
So now I feel bad for our guests because then they have to go and sit in the closet for the rest of the show.
When they have friends that come.
He had a big posse in the grandstand, there was a whole team of people.
And they're all watching the show.
And now they're friends offstage, and they're friends in a closet, and he can't sit in the show.
I think about these things.
Should we have them sit over there?
Oh yeah, he could sit at Spencer's.
Fred, Oliva, get back out here.
Fred?
That's perfect.
Fred, you're brilliant.
Where are you?
Fred, go sit by Spencer's seat.
Yeah, you can sit there.
And now you have a seat in the show.
I'll do something to help me.
No, yeah.
He's sick.
That's perfect.
I don't have a 20-sided type.
He might actually make a good game master because he writes explanations.
He's the master of games.
He's literally a master of games.
Yeah.
Fred, do you ever play any role-playing games, like pen and paper kind of stuff?
Yes, I don't talk about that in public.
Wow, you're a real rich tapestry man.
Rob, we're in the room.
What are you doing?
He's scrolling through something.
It looks like he's just picking a date.
He doesn't even look like he's doing anything.
Instagram or Facebook?
Yeah, I told somebody I would give him a shout out and I'm trying to, I want to make sure
that I give him a shout out.
All right, shout out to the most memorable person in the world.
Oh, don't do that.
You're very important.
I can't say it now.
It's serious, so.
Oh, are you seeing somebody?
Yes.
Are you seeing me?
Remember a couple weeks ago, you made me feel real bad for missing your birthday?
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Jeff, did you go to my birthday?
I was out of town.
He was out of town.
He texted me, happy birthday though.
I bought him a bath rubs.
You're leaving for Vancouver?
What?
Beginning of 2017.
That long?
Yeah, that's a long way away.
You'll have another birthday between now and when you leave.
Yeah.
So we'll make it the best one ever.
All right.
Moving on, we've got a lot of show to cover.
Our next guest is very handsome and a debonair.
He always gets all dressed up.
He's gotten an extra sexy haircut lately.
And he's always here.
We're very comforted by his face and his voice.
And we wish him the best of luck.
He has some terrible news for us tonight.
No, he doesn't, I'm kidding.
DeMorge Brown.
Yeah.
Ain't shit some rich man, son.
He got nothing when Sunday.
Don't talk to him.
Don't want none, but he don't.
What's up, DeMorge?
Not much.
Can I talk to you about physical fitness for a little bit?
All you want.
Have you been working out?
Yes, so I always do, though.
But were you ever fat?
Oh, no.
I was uncoordinated.
Yeah, I was like...
If you lifted up your shirt right now, would there be like a Peter Parker kind of like,
like six pack?
No, absolutely not.
I've done this this year.
Just a flat, it would just be a flat, delicious.
Have you ever had abs, like six pack abs?
Yeah, most of the time.
Most of the time?
For real?
But I played soccer like it's a kid, and if you, by the luck of the draw, because my
brain wasn't like those kids that are just naturally athletic, but I just love playing
and stuff.
So you ascend pretty high, and at a certain level, you're getting basically pro trainers.
You're 11.
The guys that are training you are professional.
So you're getting like that kind of mental conditioning that gets you, you know, they
basically take the stuff that most people kind of look at running and go, I don't want
to do that shit.
So can you give Dan some pointers, because Dan was saying the other day that you had a
pointer is exercise and get a trainer and stuff.
But it's also about like life, like mentally, how you do it.
They tricked us one time.
There was a level where they said everybody there at this camp wanted to be, wanted to
stay on this team.
But the main requirement was that when they timed your runs, you had to come in under a
certain number of minutes on this one run.
It was be the longest run that you've done at this pace ever.
And so for the first two weeks, they just let you stew with this fear that you were going
to, you know, not make the grade and have to go home instead of spend the entire summer
running around traveling places and having fun.
And we did a run right before it where nobody felt good and everybody was dogging and everybody
was just, you know, dying.
I was looking at people as we were running and going, what the fuck is wrong with me?
Because we just felt horrible.
And at the end of the run, the guy was like, you guys think that that was a pretty bad
run.
Services were, everything was, all the conditions were optimal.
You should have run better.
But what you guys don't know is that you ran not the four required time miles, but you
ran eight.
We just didn't tell you what you were doing.
And so, and it's just like, but it was just physical fitness.
It's dishonest.
That's like the aerobics ladies.
They always go and 10, nine, eight and 11 and seven.
That's Rosie O'Donnell.
It was like that guy in the gym too was looking at his friend when they're lifting weights
and he's going, come on, do one more, one more, one more.
But it's the same as a director.
I do like that relationship.
I talk to a lot of guys who like, they have personal trainers and then they have like these
kind of like, you know, they're pretty important relationships.
I talk, I have, I have one friend who's gay and who, I swear to God, and he has a personal
trainer and like, and like the guy is straight and like the trainer straight and like, but
he's like hot and he's always like, you know, when you're a trainer, you're like, you're
servicing like all, you're hitting all these buttons emotionally, you know, you're like,
you're like saying to this guy, everything that a guy would want to hear if he would,
if he wanted to be romantically involved with a guy, you're saying, you're like the wind
beneath that guy's wings, you're going like, you're the best, you're the fucking best,
you know, and it's, it's really weird because, and it's like, because there's a whole, it's
LA and so a lot of these trainers are straight and they're actors and they want to work in
the industry and then they're like training.
Plush comes to shove.
Like a lot of like a very powerful gay men getting physically trained by guys that they
know are straight and it's like, it's very interesting to just hear about these things.
I have a trainer I go to very infrequently and he's really, really funny.
He's a black guy and he calls me the N word constantly.
That would go, I would pay a million dollars for that. Okay, if that, if that can be a part of
exercise, I didn't know that.
And then are you fucking kidding me?
He's like, he keeps calling everybody the N word.
He calls me the N word the most.
And then, and probably makes you the happiest the other day.
Wait, this guy's your trainer?
He's great.
Wait, I'm in, I'm in, I'm in.
Oh, you got to do it.
Is he going to just say that over and put lifting as a, come on, and he calls me that?
He also recommends that you come to work out a little high.
He wants you to smoke a little bit of weed before you.
And a little late because he wants all the stereotypes.
He's like, he wants to like, like, like lean into him.
Okay, so now you're going too far.
All right, all right.
But when it's leg day, I have a little skinny, little skinny chicken legs.
And so we do legs and I can't walk.
We do a dance called the wonky honky.
And we, we do the wonky honky leg.
Well, see, I don't want the, the whole like, oh, come on, white boy, you're pretty good
for a white boy.
I want, I want to be called.
He calls you, he calls you nigger the whole time.
Don't, you don't have to say it.
It's hilarious.
It was with an A, right?
But I want to be, I was like, I want to like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like DMX.
I want DMX to yell at me.
Yeah.
Do it number one, do it number two, do it number three, get it.
No, it'd be amazing.
Because I wouldn't, it wouldn't feel fraudulent.
It would feel like empowerment to me.
I know.
Because he'd be like, fuck, you hear it, fucking do it.
As much as we're laughing because he's so, we've, we've, I've known this guy forever.
We're good friends.
He's fucking hilarious.
Also, like, you will want to barf in the middle of it because it's like really hard going.
But like, he keeps it fun and buoyant and it's always different.
It's very good stuff.
Oh man.
I mean, I'm picturing, I'm picturing him as DMX.
I don't know.
It says it's like, it's just the idea of the, like, the validation that you would be, like,
like, like, like, he would, he would be like, come on, fuck him.
Yeah.
One of the, one of the, we're at a new gym now because like, it's like he moved to a different
gym.
So I was the first time I went there.
There's this other trainer who looks like, like Cypress Hill.
Like he's like an Irish guy with a big, you know, like red beard.
And he walks up and he, he walks into the field and he goes, Phil, stop looking at the white
women.
This is a joke.
And he goes, he goes, oh man, you guys are all races.
You've been calling everybody the N-word the entire time.
It's, it's, everybody is just hurling fake racism at each other the whole time.
It's really good.
I just want the N-word.
I don't want any of this.
I don't want any of this stuff.
I don't want to be a party to anything.
I want to be called that word sincerely.
Like, like, like, like.
Oh, he's your man.
He's your man.
It's like, like, remember Rob, like, remember when we were kids in Milwaukee?
Rob, Rob's, but Rob's been bald since the seventies.
Nineteen.
And, and, and before Bruce Willis was in Pulp Fiction, it was like not, it was, you know,
and before Patrick Stewart was the captain of the enterprise.
It's like, like, you know, and when Rob was 22, it was like, you know, there wasn't a lot
of pride involved in Milwaukee with, with the losing of the hair.
I was, I was, I was friends with him when he was going through like a weird phase where
it was like, it was hitting critical mass.
And he was like, he had a, he had a girlfriend who like kind of made it clear that, you know,
wouldn't be maybe a bad idea for him to go get a toupee.
And like, he, he went, he went through the whole motion of that.
Like, like, like, you know, and, and, but, but, and he can, he can talk about that in
a second.
But the, but the, but the thing that I remember you being so excited about, because there was
that day, I think it was like, like when Pulp Fiction was like, he came out.
He was like, all of a sudden, like balding men in cinema just started like,
It's fucking hot.
Instead of like,
So hot.
It went from Hudson Hawk, where it was like CG hair.
And then it was like Pulp Fiction, where if you, even if you had the fucking like, like,
like, like receding hair, you just fucking shave it off.
Like, why not?
It's more virile than that.
And so all of a sudden, and then like, Rob got all excited and like came in, I can't
remember where we were, but you were like, I was driving down far well.
And, and, and, and it was, I was at a stoplight and this, and this big like, like, like, like,
scary looking black guy, like, like muscles and like, like, like it was fucking, he looked
like, like, like, like not a guy that would like hang out with me.
And he's like yelling something at the car.
And I'm like, Oh God, now what?
And I rolled down the windows like, like, what, what, what are you yelling at me?
And the guy said, I'm with you, brother, because he had shaved his head too.
That's awesome.
And he, and he ran in sharing the story because it's like, it's a visceral thing.
Yeah.
Attached to, attached to every little, little ugly, terrible, like, like racist thing.
It's all this, and to tie it all into porn.
Look how fucking, look how fucking unracistly racist porn is.
Like, like, like, like, that's so crazy that like in an industry that's just like has no
tact, no accountability, nothing at all, you'd expect it to be a fetid wasteland of
fucking horrible racist shit.
The internet in general is, you can go to websites that are just like, oh, these are
horrible charts.
And here's a presidential candidate just retweeting them.
Like, but porn itself is just like, yeah, put that big black dick and here's a big,
but it's like, it's not like, it doesn't, it doesn't like, it doesn't, it, it, it, it,
it, it, it, it, it like treats, it treats race as if it's like hair color or height
or like, it's like, it's like, oh, what are you into?
You know?
And so it's like, it's all equivalent.
Who's yelling, yeah, put that big black dick in the room.
It's like an announcement.
Probably Nick Manning.
Big black dick!
No, I was trying to think of an example.
I'm always like, I always feel like as a child of the 70s, whenever I see like interracial
this or anything like that, I always like brace myself for something that's going to
like, make me uncomfortable.
Like, like even in the privacy of my own bed, like, like with my laptop open, I'm like
still going like, don't, don't, don't make this awkward for me.
Like, like, like, but, but nine times out of ten, it's simply just a celebration of
like, like, like whatever.
It's like, like, like people go to dark places when they're, that's a pun.
The.
Didn't have to be.
People, people, people, people are just like fulfilling themselves.
And it's like, like, like, like, it's like, there's a, there's a line passage.
Like, like, like things that are like absolutely inappropriate that are like shielding terrible,
terrible, hateful feelings that you're being dishonest about.
And then you go to these crevices where people go to like just pleasure themselves.
These, these public toilets that we consider so non-sacred, but it's, it's remarkable
to me and notable to me that you don't see like a lot of what you would qualify as racism
in these ridiculous circuses, although you see acknowledgment of race.
Well, okay.
So counterpoint.
First of all, that stuff doesn't actually, it's not real.
So it's in there.
So you have people who are in, people who are actively racist, indulging their sort of
isolated fantasies and that stuff.
I mean, it's that, the fact that there's this category is exist because we like, well,
well, let's be really specific though, because like, like, like, like, like, wouldn't you
expect to see like, I don't know.
Well, now I've got, if I riff an example, I'm just going to like fucking like hit all,
like hit all the notes.
There's, there's, there's, uh, uh, Brazzers, which is basically just world famous.
I mean, but it's a, but it's a, it's a touchstone.
It's, it's, it's a comedic touchstone because it's just, it literally is just sanctioned
violence against whoever is the, whether it's women, usually it's women.
Uh, if it's black women, then it's black women.
And then you double by a power of two, the amount of horseshit that you're like putting
into, uh, into, into this, into this, this narrative, um, that is, that is porn.
And it's, and it's it because you are, there's a task agreement that because you're clicking
into it and you're doing it or you're watching it or you've bought it or you're, it's being
shown somewhere and you're watching it in a community of people.
That's okay.
So okay, that exists on the outside of it.
If you look at it and do an inventory of what's going on, it's horrifying.
And it's just that they contributes often to, well, what's horrifying.
I just want, I want to get more specific.
Like, like, you're very, you're, you, like, like, like, like, can we just like trade
like, like things that are like, you know what, this is part of the problem, not part
of the solution.
This is, uh, ridiculous, but not actually causing any part of the problem.
And then is there something that's like actively maybe making the world a better place while
still being porn, which, which would be a new category of porn in any respect.
I mean, everything is like, and first of all, inherently misogynist.
Yeah, I just don't think that to isolate it as a Disneyland Paris where this kind of stuff
happens where things are a little bit correct, but, uh, lovely things happen, you know.
Right.
Wait, no, I think you might have misunderstood me.
Okay.
I'm saying like in a world where you can, where Donald Trump is like pulling fucking charts
that are about, there's like, there's a difference between genuine racism and then
this just dumb, like 90 IQ playfulness of like, if you're like, like, we keep thinking that
like, like, like first of all, like ignorance does lead to hatred because if you're ignorant,
you can be like revved up by people who are willing to take advantage of you.
The people who aren't actively invested in your hatred are, for instance, pornographers.
They're invested in your animalistic like release and your indulgence of like crazy taboo fantasies.
So I think it's very notable psychologically that in politics, you will hear more genuinely
problematically racist things put forward in ways that actually last and lead to policies
and things like that. When if you, if you, if you were to go into the porn world where
supposedly everyone's a fucking idiot and therefore they should be the most racist people
in the world, but no, because they're not incentivized by hatred, they're, they may be
totally inappropriate.
They're not the most stylistically like savvy people in the world.
So you have just people going like, hey, click here.
If you want to watch a white woman take two giant big black cocks because you know how
black those fucking big cocks are.
Like it's not like, it's, it's, it's, if you're, if you're, if you're like all of those, all
of these, I mean the only difference between like that example and the other example is
that those guys at the end of their end game is policy, public policy, legislation and porn
people aren't really, their end game isn't that.
I don't know what they're doing either, but I'm fucking locked into you.
All of these words, but there are all of these.
And your big black mind.
Take it down.
It's fucking stretching my little white racist hole out.
You'd be shocked what you're capable of.
There are, but these are all sort of microcosms and each one of those has at its core a resonator
and that resonator hits all of these points.
So all the things you're saying that the politicians doing that Trump is doing also exist
and are in play in the world of porn.
So yes, some of these things and their abstracted way draw people who are going to see this
and somehow their world is going to open a little bit or whatever.
But again, within that whole idea that of ignorance, there is, there is selective,
there is this ignorance where somebody is ignorant and they are not in control of the fact that
they don't know anything, they don't know it.
That's that.
Then there is, there is this sort of selected ignorance where people choose to stay ignorant
because they know that outside of that fence more information comes that may change the way they are
or that shakes them from their sort of their pedestal.
And a lot of what you see in porn is that.
It's just fence building to keep people in a world that allows them to do whatever.
And you know, it's a zero sum game in the sense that if that person never ventures out of their house
then we don't know what ill will they're harboring.
But some of those people and some factor in a one to ten sample, some of those two people do enter out.
And in that sample, there are some people who do things that are not great.
And of that, some of those things become public and then we on the outside look at those people and go,
well, how do we get to this? How do we come to this place? How did this person get here?
So I think that all of it's in play and all of these are, even in music, it's the same stuff.
And we can have the same kinds of debates about people using the n-word and rap
and people who, you know, with that.
In all manners of entertainment, we have always used that to express like from the time when it was like,
okay, Rob, don't you fucking move.
Oh, he's putting his phone away. Okay. I thought he was leaving again.
My phone away.
Well, because entertainment is visceral and it's like, yeah, if you take racism into the
world of media, you're probably not going to get disabused of it within media.
That's what we tend to do wrong.
And then we applaud things that we go like, you know what, this is so good.
It might like a Norman Lear sitcom or something like that.
You go like, this is so good that you could come into it racist and leave,
possibly somehow having been tricked into your mind opening a little bit.
I'm not, when we're holding the yardstick of whether or not it's doing good or bad
or that it's like, I think we're probably on the same page and looking at it.
Like the thing that I'm saying is sort of remarkable is just that it's like,
okay, so compare it to religion.
Like, why would there be more racism, more prevalent in religion?
And I know what you're talking about is what you, like, okay, racism is the fences
that you're talking about.
So any place where you're conscious of race, then you're not helping, right?
That's racism.
That's sexism.
That's bias of learned, like a chosen bias, I would say, selected bias.
People who are knowingly.
So like in all porn, you're always watching a woman get like fucked by a guy.
Not in all porn.
No, sometimes just Scooby-Doo.
I'm saying like, for women, women have been dealing with this forever.
It's like pornography tends to involve, it's a difficult highway cone set to navigate taking
your feminism into pornography.
There's a lot of dumb people making a lot of stuff and etc.
And so the outer edges of how you define it and the people who have a sense of pushing
borders of sexuality and how it's accepted are the ones who are trying to sort of, who
have always tried to sort of make it a thing so that you leave it as a choice for the other
person to decide what it is they want to be comfortable with.
But you also try to take things that people are uncomfortable with and make them understand
that there are other sensibilities out there.
But it gets like all things, it gets corrupted and it gets changed by the money makers.
You look at the things that are, for example, I don't know if this will make any sense,
but there was a time when Walmart or a chain of some sort selected to remove any Rush album
with the Starman symbol on it because he was nude and that was perceived to be sexual and
trying to force polygram or mercury to take that symbol off of the Rush album covers.
I sure it just wasn't because Rush sucks.
All right, let's not get distracted.
All right, well, let me, I think after the show, DeMorge, after the show.
Every time we have a conversation of any gravity, I perceive myself as just dragging you back
into a pettiness, but thought of another, just another example, which is that, okay,
on Twitter we have an African American president who I noted at one point, like, he can't tweet
his team can't tweet.
Health care is good.
Going good.
Gotta keep that Guantanamo going.
Everybody, I'm the president.
He makes a tweet.
If you look through the replies invariably, at least one use of the end word.
If Flotus' Twitter is worse.
Well, let me just finish my little thing.
So, isn't it a little crazy that if you go to Pornhub Premium, now available for gift
prices.
But for how long?
And they do have, like Pornhuts have comment sections, and they have titles, and they
have editors, and they have directors, and they have writers, and they have actors.
You don't, I don't, you, that seething hatred.
Maybe it's because, like, if you're going, if you're looking at porn, you're usually
doing it by yourself in the privacy of your own home, and there's no agenda to it.
Well, maybe it's because when you're looking at porn, you already feel like you're doing
something wrong, therefore you're actually in an honest zone.
So, you've actually compartmentalized yourself, and it's like the ambition to be a good person
may be, like, hugely responsible, like, for so many things that we do wrong to each other.
I also think with the president's side, a lot of that stuff, you leave up because you
want the world to see sort of what is out there.
You don't want to pretend it.
I don't follow her, but you're saying that Flotus, that she, well, but that's not, but
I mean, it's not just her, because, I mean, Rosa M. Barr gets annihilated.
I think we're straight from the point, though.
I don't think porn sites cull their comment sections for racism.
I'm just saying, I hadn't thought about the fact that, you know, Mr. Obama's getting nailed
every time she opens her mouth on Twitter, of course.
About anything, and some of it, and much of it isn't racist.
It's just weird, sexist stuff.
Oh, it's terrible.
But you leave it up.
I mean, you look at, like, so, okay, when Obama was first elected president, there's a song
called, I forget what it's called, it's a country song by...
Shoot, I can't think of any guys there.
Williams Jr.?
No, sir.
It's a good guess.
But it's called, I think it's called a monkey president or something like that.
They came out now.
Here's the trick.
Hear me out.
It's a legit country song.
It is, it's not Roy A. Cuff.
It's somebody like, and I'm not, I don't want to attach any names to this, but it's somebody...
It's like Toby Keith.
Is it Toby Keith?
No, no, no.
Your way, this is old school.
This is in the highwayman era.
But when you look at the song, and people were great, people were just throwing the song out there,
posting it everywhere, et cetera, et cetera, and people were appalled in this day and time.
People would write a song like this, et cetera.
The song is from 1975 or 1906, it turns out.
And it was written about Jimmy Carter.
But you have people who are so anxious to do something, and they go,
remember that song from a long time ago?
And then they pull it out, digitize it, send it out, and just start this chain that goes on.
Because that's what's out there.
They love it.
You know, you go into that wormhole and you see it.
And there was a time on Myspace where I stumbled onto a clan site.
Like a guy's page, it just was in the clan.
That was it.
And the graphic design, when I went through his friends, it occurred to me suddenly that
the clan had their own sort of sub, people who were just their friends
who market their graphic design skills out to them.
And they're clan-specific.
Just glittering stars and horses with hoods.
Gifts, gifs, whatever.
Just riding around the back of your biode.
Riding in the background.
I mean, this stuff exists out there.
And what do you do?
You don't wipe it away.
One of the benefits of the world that we live in now is that we see all this,
so that it's not just whispered about and it's not just shadows sort of drifting around in the corners.
Do you feel that's a good thing?
I mean, it's a thing.
No, it could be seen.
Yeah, and I think that there's enough stuff going on in the world right now that we don't have time to be...
Sorry.
The Rule 34 thing, you think that there's any porn where it's guys dressed up as KKK's fucking Scooby-Doo's?
Well, I was going to say...
If not now, there will be tomorrow.
There is not a dearth of KKK... I've stumbled onto KKK sites.
I've stumbled onto cartoons of like...
Stumbled?
Terrible...
Fair enough.
Might as well stay here.
And I do, because I'm like, holy fuck.
And I don't stumble into what I would call racist porn.
I stumble into what I would call constantly a...
I guess what maybe you and I would agree is like a...
What do you call it?
A perpetuation of fences in porn.
I mean, like the idea...
If you want to know that black guys have huge dicks
and then all this stuff, like you're not going to be...
There's not a lot of activity going on in porn that's supposed to...
That's designed to like below...
Like, like, sophisticate you.
But what you don't see is like videos where it's like...
Where people are being dehumanized actively in the narrative.
Except the website.
I'm sorry, what?
Where is it?
I don't see like white guys saying to black guys in porn
like, hey, you're not a human being, so you should fuck this person.
Like it's not...
I don't see like racist shit.
I see consciousness of race and horrible affirmation of like off the top stereotypes
because they're not brave people.
I gotta get porn to a premium then.
What are you watching?
Can you at least just say, just tell me a piece of porn that you watched that was like...
I don't even... I just know like, okay, let's say...
Where you're like, this is fucked up.
I'm walking away from this fucking like, this is...
No, I don't...
I think it's...
The big thing is generally like the abuse of the women and it's like...
Jeff, please put a sock in it.
I asked him a question.
I was saying like, I don't think...
What you're saying is like, if you want to go into a site and watch little...
I think if you look hard enough, you'll find it.
Did you look hard enough?
No.
Okay.
It just showed up.
All right.
I mean, that's what I'm saying.
What did you see?
It just showed up.
What did you see that just showed up?
Everything you just described.
What?
Just words, weird, shaming.
Yeah.
You saw...
You actually saw like, so like actual...
Yeah, man.
Like status, like where they're low status, like where the black protagonist is low status.
It's...
Yes.
Absolutely.
I mean, it's right there.
It's there.
It's even there.
If you're looking at...
If you're looking at something else and it's linked to porn related stuff,
it's in the advertising on the side because it's...
Because that world is full of people who just...
Who in that zone, it's catch, just catch can.
If you don't want to see it, you're not going to hit click and go through that door.
If you want to see it, you'll go through the door.
Whether whatever your intentions are, if you're curious and you just want to do field recordings
in your mind of what's out there, you'll go through there.
If that's what you need, then you'll go through there.
Right.
Whatever that stuff is.
I mean, that...
Probably a majority of it is it's probably...
It's an extension of the misogyny because it's the gang bang, kind of like, oh, this woman...
It's like where the...
It's like, oh, no, the black guys are going to come in and they're being...
To be honest with you...
Characterizes a force of nature rather than...
Feel like there's a lot of stuff and it's in a normal world.
Let's say you work in human resources and there's four or five people in the cubicles section with you.
And you hate Frank and you have some problems with Laurie and this, that, and the other.
But right now we are living in a world where you are constantly reminded that those things are misguided,
malintended, you really can't do that in the real world.
It wasn't too long ago that you could print out a list of the ten most sexist jokes you could think of,
ten most racist things you could think of and pass it around and the people that were with you would do it.
You can't do that shit anymore.
You can't do that shit or you've got to go dark web about it and then if you get fined out you're fired and you can't.
But you can and every once in a while you see this happens.
Now you can't and those people are constantly reminded that they've got to either adjust,
open up their world and figure out a way to be or they've got to calcify themselves and harden,
ossify and like tighten up and what they're banking on often in these sites I think is that,
you know, you've got to go somewhere, you know, you've got to put yourself someplace.
They're saying, here's a room and here's a jar, you know, squeeze in whatever...
That was a very compelling argument that I finally registered in my head.
Yeah, I do think that that's what it is.
You're saying that's enabling.
I think what I heard you just say is that there's actually hope for the future in terms of that,
that as progress happens there's restraint happening and actually these crevices that you can go down
and explore deep darkness that those are actually just enabling like something that maybe should...
I wonder if the...
We should cut off.
I wonder if the market model hasn't changed to that now where it's just sort of these things that you...
Trust me, it's a holiday.
Many of you are going to go home and you're going to have people sitting at the table who are going to say something
and the whole table is going to stop and look and they're like, what?
Y'all didn't care about that three years ago.
But those people, imagine being that person and every single day television,
everything, commercials, are reminding you that where you thought you had planted yourself in life is where you're going to stay
and not only are you behind the curve, but you've been behind for a long time.
It just didn't get loud enough until now for you to see it.
So the amount of catch-up work you're going to have to do is...
That mountain is steep and you've either got to run hard and run fast and run long
or run slowly and probably not live to see your sort of comeuppance.
But it can be an exhausting proposition.
So what do you do? You live day to day to day and under the weight of that thing.
And I mean, if you read Rick Bass or the authors of the modern...
And I will.
The modern American authors right now who are writing, who have replaced the Mailers and the Updates and the Carvers,
these are the pressures that they're writing about right now.
The protagonists, the Carver protagonists, back then, often what they were dealing with was marriage
and relationships and modern relationships and the things that we've been taught
and how those things don't necessarily apply because the world around us is changing.
And so how do suburban dreams continue to exist?
How do we keep that framework up when everything around us is changing?
You know, that kind of stuff. What's changing now, I think, is affecting people individually who come from that world
because they now have to get out of that neighborhood and they have to deal with a whole other set of principles
and that tension in those people, that coiled tension.
If you offer a release to somebody and say nobody can see it because it's happening in a world that is gridless, basically.
You think that's, you're saying that's like the ring of power, that's like giving a piece of heroin.
You're saying there's a lot of that sort of pebble of incentive stuff going on in people.
I'm having a totally different experience that is absolutely, probably equally valid.
I would even probably go so far as a self-loathing person to say your point of view is way more valid.
But I'm having the exact opposite experience right now because I just got divorced,
which means that I lived in a world like for years where everything was about the obligations that I had to everybody around me.
And of course, middle-aged men, they get divorced and then they, characteristically, they get the tattoo and the Tesla
and they start saying inappropriate things to their younger coworkers and they just turn into douchey cavemen.
And I think part of that is that it's like this pendulum that swings back and forth between reality and fantasy.
And I think that in a world where we all have like USB slots in our foreheads at this point,
I think one of our biggest issues that we're contending with that we haven't actually labeled is the division between fantasy and reality.
Because we are such a successful empire and one of the things that we've successfully done so much is created
like these dreams that we dream together and we don't even really, all we do is go to work and pull levers
and then it's like we watch six hours of TV a day.
So it's like we don't actually, it's like actually a big deal if someone on TV makes us think a certain thing
or represents a certain demographic as a thing, it's like we look at that as the same as a senator voting wrong
and we get very upset and I think one of the big crucial issues is we have so little respect for ourselves
that we can't actively go, here's reality and here's actually like, here's my biochemistry,
here's like my fucked upness which is this sewer where I like watch dinosaurs chase motorcycles
but we won't do it because then the guy in the motorcycle goes by the way I'm running for president next week
and we're like oh really, yeah that makes sense, of course you would, you outran a dinosaur
and if the dinosaur says like you should buy a Panasonic but Panasonic turns out to make landmines
we're like oh I'm going to boycott your company, we have no division, because we sit around and just watch,
we were the third act of WALL-E, like we just sit and watch shit, like that shit actually ironically is
toxically infected with reality, because right now what I'm experiencing is a douchey middle aged divorcee
is like indulgence in fantasy and it's making me a happier person in my day to day life
because I'm actually actively able to like I go ugh and I come and then I go time to go to work, that was dark
and then I'm like something got, I feel like something got, now in my mind what my view is something got released
and what your view is which is equally valid as I said if not more is that maybe something got along the way
depending on what you're indulging maybe there's seeds getting planted, there's things being affirmed or perpetuated
I just think that people are different, I think that on the other end of that the moneymaker end of it
the reason somebody, I mean you have no idea the guys programming these sites, people programming these sites
might be the most liberal, most understanding people in the world but from a moneymaking end of it they understand that
that's the goose, so that's the golden goose and so they're just going to keep finding ways to maximize that potential
and you can see what you were talking about in this run of GOP debates from the first one up to the last one this past week
there's no reason any of these debates said anything that anybody needs to think anything about
there's no reason any of these polls say anything that anybody really needs to think anything about
what's going to happen is in January we're going to wipe all that, anybody who knows anything is going to wipe all that shit out
Iowa is going to happen, I believe New Hampshire still is going to happen next and so and that's a caucus I think
and so what's going to happen is that whole paradigm is going to fall away and if you ask the question
well why the hell do we spend so much time on it, well there are so many cottage industries that are connected to
the idea of broadcasting that, making graphics for it, making that sort of Mad Max Fury Road
flaming guitar theme music for it that scares the shit out of us and all that other stuff
I don't know, that Ted Cruz guy, he's got the goods
but wait, in January when we start having our first debates that's when it actually really counts, that's when it matters
and from that point on you can calibrate and in the past that's the way it's been
but it's interesting how many more debates there are in the lead up to this given this particular situation
and to watch this happen and watch how many people are talking about it, how many headlines are posted about it
how many are in gigantic bold, just as if this is the Lindbergh baby resolution and none of this shit is real
well you've given us the perfect segue into our regular segment Rob Schrab's Politics Corner
music
yeah yeah sorry I dug my hand in there but you know what I hate
what do you hate Rob? Christmas greed, this game, you ever go to like a family thing
or like a work thing, it's called like the white elephant game
oh right yeah we all do that
that's a stupid game, stupid, everybody's like I don't know, oh god I don't like it
that was Rob Schrab's Politics Corner
music
Rob, that was a good one too
I gotta say, I didn't think you could top your last Politics Corner, that one, it was trenchant, it was biting, it was incisive
how do you feel about Ted Cruz's shenanigans?
the skateboard guy?
music
I don't know anything, I don't know, I couldn't, if you showed, if Ted Cruz was standing in front of me
I wouldn't know, I've never seen the man
I don't know what he looks like, I don't know if it's a guy, I don't know
it was a Mission Impossible 5
was it? God damn it
oh shit sorry
just it's for the seat, it's not
oh my god
sorry
I've disgraced the seat
alright, how do we wrap up a show with no Spencer?
um
I'll just yell cliffhanger and I'll play this
music
come on
are we doing a show next Sunday or do we have a show, are we gonna be gone?
no no no, no show next week, wait
yes, you'll be in New York
I'll be in New York next week so there's no show, but also
what are you doing in New York?
January 3rd, there was gonna be a show, it's my birthday
it's your birthday
and I'll still be in New York, so
have fun
sorry, so this is our last show of 2015
oh we should do one of our end of the year recaps
alright
Rob, you want to take us through the year in Harmonetown?
what do you think, what's different from where we started?
I don't know, I wasn't here at the beginning of the year
well just make it up
make it up?
DeMorge, what do you think?
I guess we're done with me
has Harmonetown grown in any way or changed or have we devolved?
yes
Cliff Hanger!
let's thank Fred Aleve everybody for coming up, Fred
go check out his band, SuperBeat
Bart Mila, Kathy Mila, what the hell is it called?
I don't know
yes, I'm like that
also the music I'm playing right now is our good friend Derek Carter
who gave us his song and he's fantastic
check him out online
Rob Schrab, DeMorge Brown, I'm Jeff Davis
it's exact McKeever, Kris Boruff, Dustin Marshall
everybody here at Meltdown Comics
your mayor of course is Mr. Dan Harmon everybody
want to give a shout out for William Metsuka
spend the rest of the year noticing that pornography is ironically less racist than politics and religion
it's all I ask
rest in peace William Metsuka
try fast take chances everybody we love you
did you get any of that?
it's a good show